[Driver] Reject -mcmodel=tiny on X86 (#125643)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/ReleaseNotes.md

Other Changes
-------------

> * The -mcmodel=tiny option for the x86 architecture now triggers a frontend diagnostic.

Reviewer: Oops, this belongs in `clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst` rather than in LLVM (because this is changing diagnostic behavior of the Clang driver).

> * The -mcmodel=tiny option for the x86 architecture now triggers a frontend diagnostic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``-mcmodel=tiny`` option will now be diagnosed on all targets other than ARM or AArch64.
```
